Some traits for S174 (#1683)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000174/properties/P000051.md

---
space: S000174
property: P000051
value: false
---

> The subspace $2 ^ \omega \setminus \{(0,0,\dots)\} \subseteq X$ has no isolated point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subspace $2 ^ \omega \setminus \{(0,0,\dots)\} \subseteq X$ is homeomorphic to Cantor set without a point, and so has no isolated points.
```

> The subspace $2 ^ \omega \setminus \{(0,0,\dots)\} \subseteq X$ is homeomorphic to Cantor set without a point, and so has no isolated points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subspace $2 ^ \omega \setminus \{(0,0,\dots)\} \subseteq X$ is homeomorphic to {S26} without a point, and so has no isolated points.
```
